Midterm Project Instructions
Midterm Project
Task:
Create a Student Gradebook PHP web application that records and displays student's names and grades.
IMPORTANT: This must be by your own code. There are many code samples available on the web. DO NOT use code from the web.
Requirements:
Overview
The application should include a student form to enter a student's name and number grade.
The application should display the student names, number grades and letter grades.
Input
Create a form to input the student name and student grade (number grade) and a button to submit the form (2 text boxes and 1 button).
The student name is a string.
The student grade is a number (from 0 - 100).
Validate that the form fields are entered correctly.
Processing
Store students information in an array.
Prepopulate the student array with 4 students.
When the submit button is pressed,
either add the new student (name and grade) to the end of the array
or update the existing student grade in the array.
Calculate an adjusted grade for each student by adding 10%.
Convert the number grade to a letter grade as follows.
returns 'A' if grade is greater than or equaled to 90
returns 'B' if grade is in the range of 80 through 89
returns 'C' if grade is in the range of 70 through 79
returns 'D' if grade is in the range of 60 through 69
returns 'F' if grade is less 60
Output
The student display should show all of the students in the array.
So the display will always show the 4 students that were prepopulated.
Then the display will also show any student that is added using the student form.
The student display should show the following in an HTML table format, one row per student with the following fields on each row.
the student name
the original student grade (number grade)
the letter grade for the original grade
the adjusted student grade (number grade)
the letter grade for the adjusted grade
Display the number of students.
Add up all of the student original grades and display the total.
Calculate the average of the student original grades and display the average.
Display a var_dump of the student array (for debugging).
Hint:
You may use the sort.php (Script 7.5) code as an example for the student array.
Sorting is not necessary, but may be included if you'd like.
Since the student list is not being saved between requests, it will reset each time the form is submitted.
Complete Project:
Upload all of the files for the project to your website under midterm folder
Create a midterm link to the project on your website
Test the project on your website to confirm that everything is working properly
Zip your files and submit in the appropriate dropbox(es)
Important: Assignments must be uploaded to your website AND files submitted in Blackboard dropbox to be graded